This privacy policy governs your use of the software application 30 Days of Discovery (30 DoD) for android mobile devices that was created by Raisa Rabbani. 
The application is meant to promote change in and reconnection with one's self and one's environment through 30 challenges meant to be 
completed in 30 days as well as a number of checklist prompts. 

  User Provided Information 

After you download 30 Days of Discovery, the personal information you provide when you use the application gets stored only on your device. 
This information includes text responses to checklist prompts, pictures taken through the app, drawings made, as well as personal
information such as name, list of personal goals, and progress statistics. 

This information is accessible only to you; the developer does not see any of this information and certainly does not share this information
with any third parties. 

Submitting a Feedback Form from the 30 DoD app entails sending an email from your personal account. This email address will be 
obtained by the developer. Your email address will not be given to any third parties and no emails will intentionally be sent
to you by the developer for any purpose.

  Automatically Collected Information

The 30 DoD application does not automatically collect any information. 

  Children

The 30 DoD application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian 
becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with email address information without their consent, he or she should contact us at 
30dod.feedback@gmail.com and such information will be deleted within a reasonable amount of time.

  Security
The developer is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of any information you may provide (i.e: an email address).  
Please be aware that, although the developer endeavors to provide reasonable security for information processed and maintained, no 
security system can prevent all potential security breaches on this end or on yours. 

  Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here, and the 
history of changes made can be easily accessed on this platform. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any 
changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

  Your Consent
By using the 30 Days of Discovery app, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy 
now and as amended by the developer. "Processing,” means storing email address information, which will take place in the United States. 
If you reside outside the United States your information will be stored there under United States privacy standards. 

  Contact
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the 30 DoD android application, please contact the developer via email at
30dod.feedback@gmail.com.
